oh my goodness that there is a monkey
julies got to jump on to a seminar on
fire oh she was even ready and roll up
Taylor honey victory stop picking
through this is the world smallest front
yard we're just filming in
yay we walked on a tire it was 600
pounds and it's like a big truck tire or
something oh he jumped after he walked
on the tire and hurt his last three toes
on his right foot I didn't get hurt yeah
move yeah hey I stirred on the dart and
he lifted the freaking tire and hurt his
arm Oh boys and then I took out my
camera to record the cutest smallest
human being he was on a low scooter
you're so cute he must have been like
one year old always scheming being
on Sookie would you go find him and then
I shouted come back little boy let me
record you and then it's a turkey
Oh
you are not you are
I used to know
like six
to eat
you didn't we did not even same amount
one very cute your stomach probably
takes up more space in your body do you
have to look at this right here head to
head
Oh
so
that's the point of all you can eat
sushi otherwise people would over order
I don't want to hold my shame we broke
the law what are you holding there sure
Oh his shame was inside that's a smuggle
sushi out waiting for this issue they
have a policy to like make you finish
everything and so you can just gently
ask for two napkins and the waiter comes
but then the next time your class is all
like more than half the sushis gone it
just disappeared because we ate it that
fast if he put two and two together he
would know the two napkins disappeared
here now we have snacks as much to get
me to go ever for the rest of your life
we're at cafe
Julie's been hiking
french toast for the past month okay
Kate has very high standards and every
time anyone has anything he no longer
likes it so I will try to lower my
standards
me too once loved
everything god I'm gonna get started
yeah bye okay I've to admit that does
look pretty good oh my god what is that
it looks like fried chicken it's covered
with cornflakes oh wow I thought that
was for both people doing with language
oh okay admit over I know this is the
first i'm julie Strain i will thank you
oh my god we can you play that Oh
anything for the rest of tonight didn't
have to talk like this for the rest of
tonight because I have an audition where
every que si is kind of like a question
mark and I'm really enjoy yourself but
this is who I am so accept me for who I
am ok OMG like toy I'm 17 we gotta pack
oh oh my gosh what could it be the
greatest part of the day thank you for
my Amazon wish this you get your shoes
are you we love you I'm sorry Justin d
agostino I'm good don't forget the stuff
I would I'm one of your hands from
France my god I love you so much I'm a
medicine student and as a lot of people
your videos make me smile so thank you
for being you can enjoy choosing buddy
just need oh my god I totally just thank
you just eat d'agostino from France
you're so awesome
we're gonna be super organized thanks to
you oh my god thank you we love you oh
my god color-coordinated whoa i would
agree much yeah we can oh my god this
movie organized 30 put it in our
bookshelf that another nice d did you
guys plan to wear your shut up and dance
paraphernalia no we just wear it every
day that's available now comments or
this really really comfy sweater
shameless plug
you